#games #list

## List

Silksong
Clone Hero
Nine Sols
Mosa Lina
Nubby's Number Factory
Keep Driving
Kaizen: A Factory Story
UFO 50
Shovel Knight
WHISKEY.ST2007S


# Writeups
## Hollow Knight: Silksong
AHHHH!



## Clone Hero
Okay, technically, I've been playing Clone Hero since 2020. 

## Nine Sols
There is always an impulse, when telling someone about a new game, to describe it in terms of ones you already know and love. It's [Dark Souls but underwater](https://www.gamesradar.com/i-knew-this-underwater-dark-souls-would-be-my-steam-next-fest-highlight-and-then-i-found-the-grappling-hook/)! It's [Pokemon but with cassette tapes](https://www.polygon.com/reviews/23706936/cassette-beasts-review-pokemon-switch/)! It's "like Balatro"! (Heck, even [the genre name "roguelike"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roguelike) is an extension of this impulse.) Doing so is, of course, somewhat natural and even helpful as shorthand that quickly paints a picture of what a game's like. Sometimes, though, these labels can totally miss the mark on what makes a game special. 

Take Nine Sols, for example, which was recommended to me multiple times as "like Hollow Knight plus Sekiro!" That premise hooked me—bringing Sekiro's almost rhythm game-esque parry philosophy to a 2D metroidvania is a match made in heaven. I struggle to think of a game with more satisfying combat.
## Mosa Lina
Mosa Lina is a game that describes itself as "hostile" and "aggressively random". Each run drops you into a randomly chosen level with a random set of tools, leaving you to improvise your way out. Sometimes that means you clear the stage in three seconds flat. Other times, the tools you’re given make it literally impossible. Both extremes are valuable parts of the Mosa Lina experience. 

The game was born out of a very specific gripe with modern puzzle design. Too often, puzzles are just disguised lock-and-key systems: find the special item, use it in the special place, and move on. Mosa Lina torches that philosophy. Here, a spear isn't just a spear—you can cut a rope that swings you across a gap, or jam it into the wall as a springboard to jump off, or even lodge it into an enemy turret so that it repeatedly blows itself up, Looney Tunes style. And the spear is one of the tamer tools in the game—others include "starfish", "gun gun", "mobilize", and "upgrav". Those items' powers are often more magical than physical, but once you understand how they work, they afford even more creative problem-solving.

The result of all this controlled chaos is a puzzle platformer that feels infinite. You'll constantly stumble into moments that make you feel like a genius, either through clever use of a tool, pulling off an extremely tight platforming sequence, or accidentally breaking the level in a crazy way. When I first saw footage of this game I thought that it was interesting, but that it would be a 5-hour curiosity until I got tired of it. 50 hours in and I'm still finding new ways to use tools I've seen hundreds of times.

## Nubby's Number Factory

## Keep Driving
I don't know how to drive, but Keep Driving somehow managed to make me miss being behind the wheel. It's a road-trip-themed RPG where you cruise from town to town, pick up odd hitchhikers, and deal with various road trip mishaps along the way. You might help a runaway bride find herself after leaving her husband at the altar, or go on a quest to claim an inheritance from your grandma, or deck your car out in just the right parts and paint so it can cameo in an indie movie shoot.

The real strength of Keep Driving is its *vibe*. The art, UI, and sound design transport you right to the front seat of a crappy 90s sedan, window rolled down, highway smells wafting through, youthful optimism emanating from you and your crew, and some good old driving music blasting from a CD player. And holy crap, the music selection here is immaculate. It's a blend of slacker rock, indie pop, and post-punk that perfectly captures the feeling of being young and aimlessly in motion. Do yourself a favor and save the [Spotify playlist](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7r2mkQGsI4Fy4S1IbcrVAY?si=c0e3acc748b94dfe) for the next time you're actually on a road trip.

If the game stumbles anywhere, it’s in the combat. It’s a fun, resource-management-heavy, turn-based system, but it doesn’t connect to the driving theme the way everything else does. The mechanics hooked me quickly, but thematically they felt a bit weaker. Still, Keep Driving is a bundle of joy and an expertly curated vibe bomb. I still have some alternate endings and side quests to explore, so I can't wait to pick it up again.
## Kaizen: A Factory Story
lots of dialogue about product design, but the actual creative output is the production lines and GIFs and stuff
## UFO 50

## Shovel Knight

## WHISKEY.ST2007S



To play:
- [ ] Deltarune
- [ ] Exapunks
- [ ] Blue Prince
- [ ] Boomerang X
- [ ] Paper Trail
- [ ] MGSV
- [ ] Death Stranding
- [ ] Fez
- [ ] Silksong